Ryan [for the past 10 days] Jul 12 7:29 PM:
    I added mysql2 to our project and tested, everything's working fine.
    Also I merged the front-end to this, so that now the back-end = mysql + front-end, leaving the front-end branch unchanged.
    Both main + dev branches include mysql2 as well.

    More details can be seen on the back-end branch...

    NextStep:
        * My focus would be mostly on the front-end now, it's where we gotta pay most of our efforts as we got a lot of features to cover. The faster we skim through the features, the more we know abt what we need for the back-end.

Ryan Jul 3rd 11:14 AM:
    Added routing functionality between channels~
    Notice: I also changed the file path conventions in the components folder, moved files around so just a heads up~

Ryan June 29th 11:14 AM:
    I added the Channels dummy data for developing the front-end, and also changed some data structure, details can be seen in the comments I left.
    Basically, the User's personal space is also a special space that contains channels act like chats,
    other spaces are public (means shared like Discord servers) with channels for communication~

Ryan June 28th 11:56 AM:
    I just completed dynamic routing work, so now the navigation of between spaces is finally working instead of just being a layout.
    The border of the spaces is also bolder to indicate which space you're on.
    NextStep:
    1. Implement Channels (Secondary Navbar)
    2. Implement Chatting channels
    3. Implement the Board UI

Ryan June 26th 11:31 AM:
    1. Added our custom color palette to the tailwind.css config, commited to front-end branch
    2. More layouts are completed, now you can see the navbar on the left-side, although functionality is not yet implemented~
    NextStep:
        1. I'll make the functionality work
        2. Make things pretteir?
        3. Actually start making those pages like channels, and attempt to make a board (canvas)?

Ryan June 25th 5:57 PM:
    Summary: I built a simple front-end layout for the HomeSpace today, space = server.
    Notes:
        * The features aren't completed yet, they are there to show a general layout.
        * The Dummies folder is consists of some dummy data only for development before we have a fully usable back-end, feel free to modify the file~
    Details see in the front-end journal...

Ryan June 24th 3:00 PM:
    Sup Brandon! 
    I made this folder bc I think it's very convenient to just leave notes here and inform the other person what we've worked on and what we will do~
    I intended it to be smt like a captain's (crew) journal so we can always track back in time of what we have done.
    We can use it to leave additional notes besides messaging on slack and actually meeting~
    Specific notes can be included in the front-end.txt and back-end.txt~
    Tell me what you think! @_@